[MI-3653]: Test cases of message sync of MS Teams (#7)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/MS Teams sync/Message sync/Teams_to_MM.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Message sync from Teams to MM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Slash commands
authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"
team_ownership: 
- Change Team Name
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Enter any text message, emoji, GiF, link, image in the already linked channel in Teams or in any DM/GM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter any text message, emoji, GiF, link, image, etc. in the already linked channel in Teams or in any DM/GM.
```

> 1. Enter any text message, emoji, GiF, link, image, etc. in the already linked channel in Teams or in any DM/GM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enter any text message, emoji, GIF, link, image, etc. in a linked channel or any DM/GM in MS Teams.
```

**Expected**

> The same message posted on MM should be visible on the linked channel in MM or DM/GM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same message posted on Teams should be visible in the linked channel in MM or DM/GM.
```

**Step 1**

> 1. Enter any text message, emoji, GIF, link, image, etc. a already linked channel or in any DM/GM in MS Teams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enter any text message, emoji, GIF, link, image, etc. in an already linked channel or in any DM/GM in MS Teams.
```
